[ Music ]
>> Regina Meredith: We live
in a time when it's possible
to reverse almost any disease
without ruining the immune
system in the process
through invasive treatments.
What's becoming more
evident is that we have
to begin considering the fact
that we are bioelectrical
in nature.
If we do not consider
our electromagnetic field
and voltage, we will not
reach our core issues.
Bryant Meyers has spent
18 years researching all
of the energy technologies
and aspects of healing,
which he has chronicled in
his book called, "PEMF --
The 5th Element of Health."
He's with us today to help give
us his distilled findings --
and there's a lot
of distillation.
So you are professics --
first -- you are a professor,
first of all, of physics,
so I think that's an important
thing to lay on the table.
So energy is your world.
>> Bryant Meyers: Yes.
And medicine, too.
Energy medicine.
I was --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- premed
at Georgia Tech,
and I did nutritional
counseling.
I've always been interested
in health and wellness.
So energy medicine was
kind of a home for me
to combine my passion for
helping people with their health
and with the energy
technologies, which, as I found,
the body is primarily a field
of energy and information,
and then the physical body
is sort of secondary to that.
>> Regina: It's a reflection
of that information.
>> Meyers: It's a reflection
-- yeah, it's all connected.
>> Regina: This is the big
paradigm shift for people.
And I think just over the
last five years in particular,
the average person who is
interested in these things,
which isn't actually the average
person in society as of yet,
but still, there's a
vast number of people
who have started taking
on the scary notions,
which is that this actually
isn't physical in nature
if you look at it on
an atomic level, right?
>> Meyers: Yeah it's
mostly empty space.
>> Regina: And time
and space doesn't run
like we thought it did, it's --
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- not linear.
And so you're -- what
you've done here, I think,
is a beautiful job of
chronicling all the ways
in which we can interface
as a bioelectrical being
with healing modalities.
>> Meyers: Absolutely, yeah.
>> Regina: So tell us,
first of all, what is PEMF?
Most people haven't
heard of that.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
I mean, PEMF stands for
pulsed electromagnetic field,
and it's a general word.
I mean, the electromagnetic
spectrum has everything
from radio waves up to
visible light up to x-rays
and everything in between.
But in my book, PEMF, I'm mainly
talking about earth-based PEMF,
which is a lower
-- much lower --
the lower end of the
frequency spectrum,
and it's the frequencies that
the earth naturally gives us.
So in my book, I talk about
how there's two main pulse
magnetic fields.
You have the magnetic field
from the earth itself,
the geomagnetic field, and
there is a frequency to it.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: You know, if
you look at a compass
under high magnification,
it does -- it does move.
So it's not just a
big static magnet.
And then we have the
Schumann Resonance which comes
from the ionosphere cavity
which is that 7.83 hertz --
which a lot of people have
kind of heard about --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- the
Schumann Resonance.
It's like, what's this
-- but, you know --
>> Regina: Well, wonderful
experiments have been done
over the last few
decades on the interface
with human bioelectrical
functioning, our brains,
our physiology, and so forth --
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- in
isolated conditions
with Schumann frequencies --
we'll go on to some of
that in a little bit,
so it's been well-documented
what the lack of magnetics --
the effect of lack of magnetics
on our brain and bodies --
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
>> Regina: -- is.
So first of all, why
are -- why are --
why have we in the US not
been studying this more?
Why does it always have
to come out of Russia?
Everything having to do with
energy medicine seems to come
out of Russia first, and they've
been very committed to this.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
I mean, it's, you know,
our medical system.
In the US, people are
opening up more and more.
They're getting frustrated
with our $3 trillion year
medical system, which just kind
of focuses on -- again, we've
got great emergency care,
don't get me wrong, for
broken bones and stitches,
but when it comes
to chronic diseases,
even the medical institution
has said that 70 percent
of all illnesses, our --
or all healthcare costs
are preventable diseases.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: So the shift
in the US now is more
towards prevention,
and people are opening up to
more natural healing modalities.
And, you know, energy
medicine like PEMF was
on the Dr. Oz show, you know,
energy medicine's been featured
on Oprah, so people are,
like, getting exposed --
you know, the doctors
that show, you know,
they're actually starting
to talk about, you know,
energy medicine and some of
these type of modalities.
In fact, the Dr. Oz
show specifically talked
about PEMF for pain relief.
You know, that was the
whole basis, you know,
and that really helped
educate people on, wow,
there's a natural way to help
relieve pain besides taking,
you know, pills that just
basically suppress the symptoms,
don't really fix the problem --
>> Regina: Absolutely.
>> Meyers: -- and they got all
these side effects that you hear
at the end of the commercials --
>> Regina: Oh, yeah.
>> Meyers: -- you know.
>> Regina: We all have a giggle
at that if you watch television.
Okay. I would like to put this
in a really large context,
because as everyone here
is pretty much on board
with the notion that there
is an energy component
to our functioning
and our being,
let's look at the cosmic picture
and how we can even
exist within the cosmos.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
I mean, that's -- that's
always been fascinating to me,
you know, and in physics, you
know, even like Stephen Hawking
and some of these top physicists
ponder these questions,
you know.
Why is it that conditions
are fine-tuned
in this universe
for life, you know.
And this goes back to -- I mean,
this actually boils down to some
of the fundamental
constants, like the strength
of the electromagnetic force,
the ratio of the proton
to the electron,
the strong force --
you know, all the
forces are fine-tuned.
I mean, if they were
just off by a little,
atoms wouldn't even exist, or
everything would exist as helium
or hydrogen, and none of the
hydrogen elements would form.
So it's like -- it's almost
like this bubble universe
that we're in, you know,
is fine-tuned for life.
It's an anomaly.
When you look at just all
the possible universes
that could exist, it's like
conditions had to be just right.
And then within the
solar system,
the sun has to be just the right
type of sun, and the planet,
if it's a hospital planet
-- hospitable planet,
has to be just the right
distance from the sun, you know,
called the "Goldilocks zone."
Kind of like --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- not too hot, not
too cold form the -- you know.
So they call it -- actually,
physicists call it
the Goldilocks zone.
So our planet is in
this exact right zone.
We only have one star,
you know, the sun.
Because if you had two
stars, which have the stars
in our universe are
in binary systems --
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: -- you can't
get life from that
because things get
too hot and too cold.
So we have, at the cosmic
level, the universal level,
conditions are just right.
At the planet -- at
the solar system level,
things are just right.
And then, within planet Earth,
our planet, again, is fine-tuned
for life as far as, you
know, we've evolved
with the oxygen levels and all
the elements needed for life.
So to me, that's the big picture
is seeing that, you know,
health wise, it's like,
what elements are,
you know, needed for health?
And --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- you know, and
it seems that the universe is
in our favor to give
us the conditions for life.
But now that we're here on
this planet that's hospitable
for life, okay, well,
what ideally do we need?
Well, it turns out what we need
is what the earth gives us,
because we've evolved
on the earth --
>> Regina: Duh.
>> Meyers: -- for,
you know -- yeah.
It -- I mean --
>> Regina: What a
startling surprise.
>> Meyers: It's like, ah, yeah.
Right. But it's like -- but
people don't realize the food
that we're eating, the
water that we're drinking,
the unnatural lights
that we're getting --
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: -- the stale
air from forced air heat
and air conditioning and
just being in the city air,
we're really not getting
those essential elements.
And the earth PEMF in my book,
that's why I call it the
fifth element of health,
we're now finding, is
an essential element,
just like most people know they
need food and water and oxygen
and sleep, you know,
and sunlight --
not everybody knows you
need sunlight, but you do --
but there's that fifth element
that people don't realize
that the earth's
magnetism is essential.
>> Regina: We need that pulse.
We need that magnetism.
>> Meyers: Yeah, that magnetism.
>> Regina: Yeah.
And, I mean, we could really
esoteric on this conversation
and get out to the
consciousness component
of how these elements
even combine
to create whatever it is --
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
>> Regina: -- that we
and everything else
in this solar system and
cosmos and beyond is.
And we might get to --
hopefully, we'll get a little
bit to the consciousness --
>> Meyers: We should, yeah.
>> Regina: -- element
on a very personal level
at the very least.
But first, we were talking
off camera, and you were --
we were discussing the fact
when it comes to these elements
and you look at the
periodic table,
that we are a reflection
of supernova dust.
Not just stardust, but --
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
There --
>> Regina: -- supernova dust.
>> Meyers: -- actually
is a difference.
>> Regina: Explain that.
>> Meyers: Because, you know, in
the early primordial universe,
you know, hydrogen and
helium, you know --
so basically, 90 percent
of our body is stardust,
and it's because hydrogen
is not really stardust
because it's existed since
the beginning, and helium,
a little bit of lithium.
But all the heavier
elements have to come
from the pressure created
from the gravitational forces
to create nuclear fusion
to create the heavier elements
all the way down to iron.
So -- and we have
a lot of elements
in our body know down to iron.
You know, we have oxygen
and carbon and, you know --
there's several elements
between --
basically, iron is numbered
26 on the periodic table.
But an interesting thing
happens at iron: When you get
down to iron, all of a sudden,
the nuclear fusion reactions are
no longer exothermic; meaning,
it's not favorable to combine
elements heavier than iron.
So because of the
energy required,
you only get those
elements heavier than iron
from a supernova explosion.
There's really no other
way to create them, I mean,
as far as in the -- even the
heaviest stars can't do this.
Even those massive giant stars
can only go down to iron.
They need that explosion --
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: -- that energy
from that explosion creates
those elements heavier
than iron.
And guess what?
We have, you know, I forget
exactly how many, but there's,
you know, at least around 10
or 20 elements in our body
that we really need -- example,
you know, chromium and cobalt
for B12, and, of course,
we need iron and --
>> Regina: Copper, zinc.
>> Meyers: -- you
know, there's --
yeah, some of those heavier
elements than number 26,
you know, we need those.
So those are supernova elements.
So, you know, we've
all kind of heard, oh,
we're made of stardust.
Well, we're also made of
supernova dust which --
so we've come from this
big stellar explosion.
So in a way, you know,
without getting too --
I like to talk about, you
know, the sun reference to the,
you know, to savior mythologies
and that kind of thing --
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: -- but the sun has --
all these stars have given their
life to give us these elements.
>> Regina: Absolutely.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: And if you go --
again, if you go into some
of the ancient teachings,
the very ancient teachings, it
will say that the suns of all
of the universes of all the
solar systems simply are an
expression of much more divine
creative processes and powers,
and that's just a small physical
expression of those very things
which have the ability to
create massive, massive projects
such as solar systems.
>> Meyers: Yeah, yeah.
So --
>> Regina: And so you
realize that is a --
that is a quality
of intelligence that's
just showing itself
in its densest way as
this life-giving thing.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: It's pretty awesome
when you start looking
at the sun.
>> Meyers: I know.
The sun is a -- so
-- but it's --
and it's nice to
reflect that, you know,
we're made of this
kind of stardust --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- you know, like
from suns or supernovas so.
>> Regina: It is.
And I want to ask you something
that's just maybe slightly off
topic, but maybe not.
You were talking about iron.
Of course, we -- our blood,
which that is the staff
of life, is iron rich.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: But I heard a few
years ago from an individual
that studies these things, that
we're starting to move more
into a copper-based blood.
Have you seen any evidence of
that or heard any such thing?
>> Meyers: I haven't really --
I'm not familiar with that --
>> Regina: Not yet, okay.
I just thought I'd
toss it out there.
But these things are mutable
with consciousness as well,
and due to the response
to our environment.
I mean, we are being
bombarded with,
you know, radiation among --
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
>> Regina: -- other things,
which I'm going to talk
about in later shows.
I mean, these are very, very
heavy elements that don't belong
in the human body, but
Patrick Flanagan was telling me
that radiation can actually
operate as a superconductor.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: And so it can
actually begin working with DNA
in a very interesting
new and hopeful way --
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- So not to
be afraid of any of it.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: That's the key.
And the fear is going to come
up in this story as well.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
And then iron is also the
basis of magnetite, which --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- of course, is
like a little biologic
antenna that helps give us --
>> Regina: That helps the
birdies find their way home.
>> Meyers: -- you know
-- find their home --
>> Regina: That's right.
>> Meyers: -- and
also it tunes us
into this energy of
this earth energy.
So we -- it actually amplifies
that to -- I mean, several --
I mean, hundred thousand
fold versus other elements.
It's very, very conductive
to these fields.
>> Regina: Yes.
What about the notion
-- you were saying here,
I have it written down, that
life here is really dependent
on an oxygen-rich environment.
Now, we're becoming
oxygen deprived.
The planet's --
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
>> Regina: -- becoming
oxygen deprived.
So what is your take on that?
How --
>> Meyers: Well, yeah.
That's another --
you know, there's --
>> Regina: Another challenge.
>> Meyers: -- one
of the challenges --
all of the elements I talked
about, from food to water,
I mean, we're all getting --
we're getting challenged on
all levels from the quality
of our food, the quality of our
water, the amount of oxygen.
I mean, you know, we should have
around roughly 20 percent oxygen
in our atmosphere and about
79 percent or so nitrogen,
and only a little bit of
carbon dioxide in the other.
But you go -- I forget
the exact number,
but in downtown large
cities, it drops to something
like 13 percent or 14 --
>> Regina: I heard it
was around 11 at 12.
I read that --
>> Meyers: And if
it gets down --
well, if it gets down that low,
that becomes a crisis point.
It becomes a certain level
where it's called hypoxia,
where the body's not
getting enough oxygen.
And it definitely
causes some problems.
Because guess what?
Oxygen is the main
electron acceptor
in the Krebs cycle so --
>> Regina: It's our
primary nutrient.
>> Meyers: It's a primary
nutrient to create ATP,
which is that -- really
that currency for energy
at the physical --
again, it's a physical level.
You know, it's like a little --
you know, if it's like a
rechargeable battery, ATP,
and we need -- we expend
our whole bodyweight
in ATP every day, and it's a
very high-energy phosphate bond
that gives us life and energy.
Without oxygen, we revert
to the anaerobic cycle,
which only cranks out like
two ATP molecules per turn,
where you get 38.
It's like two miles per
gallon versus, you know,
38 miles per gallon, you know.
So it's -- that's 19 times more
energy from oxygen, you know --
"aerobic" means with oxygen.
>> Regina: Well, and most
people aren't breathing either.
>> Meyers: They're
not breathing, yeah.
>> Regina: So we're
sitting around all day,
our bodies are inactive
and stagnant pools,
and we don't breathe.
And then we have an
oxygen-deprived environment
on top of it, which is why
in your book you must --
it must be that you write about,
if you're going to exercise,
get outdoors, get near trees,
get near anything
natural you can find,
but be outdoors when
you're moving.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
I see people jogging, like,
down on Main Street in the city.
It's like what?
You know, you're breathing
all that carbon monoxide.
Which, by the way, carbon
monoxide binds to hemoglobin
and it doesn't let go.
Meaning, your body almost has
to create new hemoglobin
once that happens.
So, you know, it's --
you know, oxygen binds
to hemoglobin then
releases into the cells.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: Carbon
monoxide doesn't, so, yeah,
you want to get away from
-- you don't want to be --
you know, when you're jogging,
you're really taking a lot
of the air, so if you're, like,
in New York City, you know,
jogging down -- I've seen
people, like, down main streets,
like, jogging where
there's all this car --
and you definitely want
to get out in the woods --
>> Regina: That might -- yes.
>> Meyers: -- and breathe in.
Not only are you
getting, you know,
less of the carbon monoxide, but
you're getting more -- more --
and all the other
pollutants, too, in the city --
but you're getting that --
more of that oxygen-rich,
life-giving.
And interestingly enough,
the earth PMFs are using
like a PMF therapy device,
enhances oxygen utilization
and absorption.
So --
>> Regina: Which is really --
>> Meyers: So --
>> Regina: -- again,
that is really key.
I don't know that you could
even begin to chronicle all
of the chronic diseases
that are a result
of having low oxygen
levels in the blood.
>> Meyers: Well, I
mean, you could --
>> Regina: I mean, everything.
>> Meyers: You could --
Dr. Otto Warburg showed
that low oxygen led to cancer --
>> Regina: Oh, yeah.
>> Meyers: -- and, you know,
we talk about the
cellular voltage aspect,
there's a connection
with oxygen there, too.
So -- but --
>> Regina: So when you're
talking about the elements
of life, it's a little different
than when some other
people are talking about it.
You talk about the elements
of elements, magnetics
and energy sources, but you
talk about liquid water.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: I don't -- you know,
I read that and I thought,
what do you mean
by "liquid water"?
Because we naturally
assume that water is liquid.
So we've talked about
oxygen a bit.
Let's talk about liquid water.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Well, liquid water, I kind of
emphasized that because the
of Goldilocks zone and kind
of for conditions to be right
on the planet for life typically
revolves around liquid water,
or, you know, some
science fiction novels talk
about maybe H2S, you know,
hydrogen, because, you know,
sulfur's related to oxygen,
so you can have like a --
maybe some other planet
has a liquid hydro --
you know, H2S which
is a sulfur-based.
But whatever -- wherever
there's life, though,
there's probably
something similar to water.
That's the key.
Because you need the water
-- you know, everything --
it kind of ties everything
together in the body.
So, you know, your body's
70 percent water, and --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- most people are
undergoing chronic dehydration.
And, you know, there's a
book -- great book called,
"The Body's Many Cries for
Water," which really goes
through this doctor's
-- it's Batmanghelidj --
I can never pronounce his name.
It's this long, long name -- but
he was a doctor that spent time
in a prison camp, and he
found that he could heal --
he had nothing to heal
people with but water.
And all he did was
give people water
and their ulcers would go way,
their heart problems
would go away.
That's all he had,
right, was water.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: So just drinking
more good water, and, you know,
that means either really good
spring water or like I do
like water ionizers, but --
>> Regina: Yes, I have one, too.
>> Meyers: -- but you have
to have good whole
house filtration --
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: -- or good
filtration in front of it.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: Because a
lot of the ionizers,
I don't really trust their
small little filters,
so I still recommend people
get some really good --
like a whole house type
of filtration system or --
>> Regina: I agree.
I agree with that.
>> Meyers: But quality of
water and drinking more water.
I mean, ulcers, you know, pains
-- aches and pains, headaches.
Headaches are a dehydration --
>> Regina: Yeah, exactly.
>> Meyers: -- issue.
So, you know -- so,
yeah, we need --
we definitely need
to drink more water.
And again, you know, relating
back to my book on PMF therapy,
PMF therapy, or magnets
in general,
lowers the surface
tension of water.
You know, if you put
water on a magnet --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- especially
a pulse magnetic field,
it will lower the
surface tension,
make the water wetter --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- so that
the body can, you know --
so the body can absorb
it better, you know.
Because it's not -- you know,
you want to make sure --
I don't know if you ever drank,
like, some water and you felt
like it just sit
in your stomach.
>> Regina: Yeah, like bottled
-- a lot of bottled water.
>> Meyers: Some of the cheap
bottled waters, yeah, it --
but if you get, like, a good
ionized water, a really good --
>> Regina: Essentia water and
those kinds of waters --
>> Meyers: Yeah, some of the --
yeah, you know, some
of the really low surface
tension waters, I mean,
they just feel like your
body's absorbing them.
So you want a good water
that has a, you know,
has the properties of, ideally,
slightly alkaline if possible,
negative ORP if possible.
I mean, some of those things.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: It gets
a little technical,
but it's basically more
electrons in the water has
like an antioxidant,
energy effect, you know.
>> Regina: So why don't we go
-- we have our first chart.
And I just wanted
to add one thing --
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- another thing
you write about in the book is
that the primary --
the studies have shown
that our primary longevity
factor is good pulmonary health.
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
>> Regina: Have that
heart pumping,
have lots of oxygen
moving through the body --
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- which is moving
the waters and evaporation.
It keeps the fluids from being
stagnant pools basically.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
According to one study, I mean,
this was like a longitudinal
study over a large population
of people over time, they found
that was the number
one indicator
for a long life was vital
capacity, which basically,
is just saying, how much air
can you breathe in naturally
without trying to
force it in one breath.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: So it's
like your lung volume.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: You know, and people
that are athletes that are,
you know, typically have a much
deeper -- larger lung volume --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- they can just
take in more air per breath,
which means their
breathing rate can go slower,
their heart rate can go slower,
so that's why you notice people
that are in really good shape,
their resting heart rates
can be, you know, 50 --
>> Regina: Yeah, very low.
>> Meyers: -- very low.
And you'll notice their
breathing is slow,
which guess what?
Relates to the mind.
You know, that slow relaxed
breathing then trains the mind
into a relaxed state, too.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: So it all --
you know, the breathing --
you know, we've all
heard this with yoga
and meditation how breathing can
induce the relaxation response,
and, of course --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- meditation, too.
But, yeah, just that overall
lung capacity, will just,
you know, and ways
to increase it --
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: -- of course,
are through, you know,
deep breathing or breathing
techniques, exercise,
you know, yoga, meditation.
PMF does help with, you know,
absorbing more oxygen as well.
There's certain --
but, yeah, absolutely.
Just, in fact --
>> Regina: Absorption of oxygen.
>> Meyers: -- a simple way
for people to just walk
for exercise, you don't
even have to do --
when you go out for a walk
-- again, out in the words
or on the -- you know, away from
pollution -- just do some --
practice some conscious
breathing --
>> Regina: Deep breathing.
Yes.
>> Meyers: -- while
you're walking.
That's what I do when I --
you know, if I don't do any
rigorous cardio in a day.
>> Regina: And it can
be something so simple.
Many -- many years ago, my
ballet teacher always taught us
when we were really working
out, she said, "Okay, darlings,
breathe in to two" [Sniff
sniff] "and out to two."
[Sniff sniff]
>> Meyers: Right.
>> Regina: And, you know,
something that simple.
And so even applying that with
running or walking is a form
of conscious breathing without
getting into anything, you know,
too yogic, so to speak.
>> Meyers: Yeah, exactly.
>> Regina: Let's take a
look at our first image,
because this is what
we're looking at in terms
of all the elements of life --
>> Meyers: Yeah.
I used to --
>> Regina: -- and health.
>> Meyers: -- I used to do
nutritional counseling, and,
like, my business card was
literally a picture like this
where I would tell people,
put the right stuff in
and take the garbage out.
So the right --
>> Regina: So let's
look at it over here --
>> Meyers: So the right
stuff is all the elements.
So we have food, you know,
which is like the element earth.
I kind of use the classical
system of the elements
because it gives
a nice metaphor.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: Because earth
is like, you know, food.
You know, it's a solid.
And I talk about these elements
as the phases of matter.
Not the elements on
the periodic table.
That's why people say, oh,
the ancients didn't
understand the elements,
because we know now there's
92 elements on earth,
and they're all saying
is only four.
Well, how many states
of matter are there?
There's four: Solid,
liquid, gas, and plasma.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: So that relates
to food is earth,
water is liquid --
>> Regina: And we
just spoke with that.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Sunlight is fire.
That's the -- and
then fresh air,
we just talked about
that, is air.
And then the fifth element
they talk about, like,
in the ancient systems, even
like in the Greek systems,
more like the mystery schools
that talk about the ether.
It wasn't like --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- the masses would
only get the four elements
but then initiates would
get the fifth element.
But the ether is like
the cosmic, you know,
the background and, you know, I
kind of relate that in my book
to more of the energetic
component.
You know, it's maybe --
again, maybe a little --
not quite as a direct connection
as the other four elements,
but I think it makes
sense here on planet Earth
that that fifth element,
you know,
it's like this infused
magnetic field, is, in a way,
kind of like the ether or
the background energy that,
at least for us here
on planet Earth --
>> Regina: That is almost
a carrier of information --
>> Meyers: Yeah, it is.
>> Regina: -- it's a field
in which information
can be exchanged
on all different levels.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
I mean, the Schumann
Resonance --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- and the
earth frequencies,
it is like the fundamental
heartbeat of the earth,
and it's -- it is like --
you know, all our cells are
entrained to that frequency.
So it's very important.
>> Regina: And then we have
positive thinking, which --
>> Meyers: Yeah, I just
-- you know, you can --
I just kind of loosely threw
in some of the higher aspects,
because, you know,
obviously, you really need
to have the right mindset.
Because even the stubborn
medical system knows the placebo
effect is a reality
they can't get around.
And it's because if people
will believe a sugar pill,
for example, is insulin, even
a diabetic will create --
this has been shown -- a
diabetic will create insulin.
You know, placebos have
been shown to be, I mean,
something like almost
60 percent as --
or 70 percent as strong as
morphine as a painkiller.
>> Regina: Yes.
And we've talked about
that on shows.
>> Meyers: So we know that the
mind -- so whenever you do --
enter a natural healing or just
a preventative medicine road,
you have to have the
positive expectation
that the body knows
how to heal itself --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- if you give it
all the elements that it needs.
>> Regina: Absolutely.
And then --
>> Meyers: And that's
fundamental --
>> Regina: -- prayer
and meditation,
which is -- that's that --
>> Meyers -- yeah, connecting --
>> Regina: -- interface
with beyond.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
It's connecting to the
source, it's connecting
to the -- you know, whatever --
>> Regina: The largest
field of intelligence and --
>> Meyers: Exactly.
>> Regina: -- possibility.
>> Meyers: Consciousness,
that pure awareness,
that pure consciousness that
-- and it is that connectedness
that connects all
and the god within
and whatever you
want -- you know --
>> Regina: Well, you
could say, without that,
none of this is here anyway.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
So that's important, too.
And that, in a way,
is that consciousness
that really creates
all things --
>> Regina: Absolutely.
>> Meyers: -- at the level
-- even in quantum physics,
they've kind of run into that --
>> Regina: They have.
>> Meyers: -- that discovery.
>> Regina: -- Bernard Haische
and some of the others,
and certainly most people know
the work of Bruce Lipton just
in terms of the consciousness
affects on the field at large.
>> Regina: Oh, yeah.
I love Bruce Lipton, yeah.
>> Regina: Yes.
And we also need to look at
the fact, because we're going
to be going into PMF and some
of the other technologies
in a moment, that the earth
and the brain are
operating essentially
at the same frequency.
>> Meyers: Yes.
>> Regina: And we have
another image for that.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
So this is an important image.
It's sort of, in a way,
like, to me, the main --
this image is the main
metaphor for my book.
It's the body/mind/earth
connection.
And, you know, in this
image, you'll see this --
like, I just used 0 to 30
hertz just because some
of the studies have shown
this to be the primary range.
And basically, the human --
I like to call it the
body/mind/earth connection.
You know, we hear a lot about
the body/mind connection.
Well, it's a little
bigger than that.
And you can even extend
it into the cosmos, too,
but for all practical purposes,
here on the earth we have --
again, I talked a little bit
about the earth, the Schumann
and the geomagnetic frequencies
that come from the earth.
And roughly -- they're
roughly 0 to 30 hertz.
Again, when you take some
of the lower harmonics
and there's some other
frequencies that come about.
And the higher harmonics of the
Schumann, like 14.2 and it goes
up to about 30, and after 30 it
really -- it really tapers off.
So for all practical purposes,
0 to 30 hertz is the frequency
of life on this planet,
this particular range.
>> Regina: And that is
our general functional --
>> Meyers: It's our
functional --
>> Regina: -- frequency
of our brainwaves.
>> Meyers: -- our
brainwaves, and this is --
>> Regina: I mean, when
you get above that,
you're looking at gamma waves --
>> Meyers: You're
getting gamma waves --
>> Regina: -- and Buddhist
monks and so forth.
But we -- when we're asleep and
awake, we function from 0 to 30.
>> Meyers: Yeah, from 0 to 30.
From low deltas of close to -- -
>> Regina: Right?
>> Meyers: -- you
know, .5, you know;
high beta goes 15 to 30 hertz.
>> Regina: That's right, yeah.
>> Meyers: So our brain
-- and it's interesting --
the 7.83, if we were really
tuned to the earth and vibrating
at 7.3 like we really
should be, we would be right
at the lowest end of alpha.
>> Regina: Yes.
Which is a really --
>> Meyers: We would
be like a deeply --
>> Regina: -- relaxed,
beautiful --
>> Meyers: -- relaxed --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- creative.
When you're in alpha,
you can learn better,
you can create more --
>> Regina: To meditative
state as well.
>> Meyers: Meditative state.
>> Regina: In a high
meditative state.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
So that is the earth -- that
fundamental note of the earth.
And now, here's another
interesting with the projected.
And this is based on
what's called SQUID,
is superconducting quantum
interference device.
It's basically a very sensitive
magnetic field detector.
We can actually detect
the fields
around the human body
up to 15 feet away.
Okay. This is --
people don't realize.
No, that's actually
science now detecting --
>> Regina: Constantine
Karakoff's work,
and we can find an interview
with him in the archives
that CMN
would have done.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
So what someone like Dr.
Zimmerman and this Dr. Seto
in Japan found that both the
reiki healers -- because they --
reiki was good to measure
because they have --
typically, a reiki master will
have a stronger projection,
so it's easier to detect.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: But they would
find that the, oh, wow,
these reiki healers are actually
emitting 0 to 30 hertz in a --
but it wasn't just
one frequency.
It was like scanning
up and down.
It's sort of like when you're
getting like a reiki healing,
they're literally
-- they're like --
they're tapped into the earth.
They're a channel,
and they're tap --
and the energy coming
out of their hands is really
the same type of magnetic energy
that the earth gives us, but
they're amplifying it, right.
And the primary frequency that
Zimmerman found was at right
around 7.83 there was a peak.
>> Regina: Oh, really?
That's the primary frequency?
>> Meyers: Yeah,
there was a peak.
>> Regina: Interesting.
>> Meyers: And Seto with
Qigong, which is other side --
a different study, other side of
the planet, same type of device,
a very sensitive
magnetic field detector,
found that Qigong masters,
again, really able to harness
that chi or energy -- you
know, chi or qi or prana,
these are other words
for this subtle energy --
they found also 0 to 30 hertz.
So they were -- so there's been
verification that it's almost
like -- and to me,
the aha was --
and then when you go
down in the cells, too,
with Siscomb and
Walker at the tissue level,
and Addy and
Bowan at the cell level,
that our cells resonate at
0 to 30 hertz, and the peak,
you know, is around -- their
studies, it's around 13
or 14, but still 0 to 30 --
>> Regina: It's a beautiful kind
of portrait of bio-harmony --
>> Meyers: It's bio harmony --
>> Regina: -- All things living
on this planet, if we chose not
to disturb those
patterns, which we do.
And let's look at our
next image, because it's
about how disturbance
shows itself.
And this is a map
that shows disease
and depression in
the United States.
And let's talk about
the relevance of that
to the previous slide that
we were just looking at.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
I mean, so when you
look at these charts,
it's almost like you could
put one on top of the other
and you get almost the same map.
And actually, the cancer
map is very similar.
I mean, there's some
differences, you know,
but for the most
part, it's like, gosh,
what's going on here, you know.
It's like is there some
underlying cause that's maybe
behind this?
You know, we're looking at one
disease or this, but obviously,
there's something -- if all
these diseases are happening
in all the same areas,
there's something more core
that's happening.
>> Regina: And what
have you determined?
What is more core?
>> Meyers: My hypothesis
is just that disconnect
from all the elements.
I mean, just to -- I
mean, it might be an
over simplistic view, but
I think just, you know,
the quality of food, the water,
you know, the -- just the --
you know, all the elements
we just talked about, and --
so people are just
disconnected from the earth
and the essential elements
of health, and, you know,
I'm pretty sure some of
these areas, you know,
like with Mississippi and
Arkansas and they're --
they have an overpopulation
with Medicaid and --
>> Regina: We have
a lot of poverty,
which is also creating
a lot of --
>> Meyers: -- there's
a lot of poverty
and some of those areas --
>> Regina: -- poor
nutrition and depression.
>> Meyers: -- are really --
really get more conventional
medicine maybe
than other parts
of the country --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- or they're more --
where, you know, some areas --
>> Regina: No.
It's a fascinating map.
And, you know, if you look
at it just straight up,
it certainly looks like it's
beneficial to your health
to live in the western
part of the United States.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Actually, Colorado,
where you live,
is one of the healthiest
states --
>> Regina: Yeah.
And I live in Arizona
the rest of the time.
I commute it.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Colorado, actually, I think was
the healthiest state of all.
>> Regina: Wow.
That's amazing.
>> Meyers: Yeah,
but -- but, yeah.
So, you know, it's -- but to
me, it's like we're looking at,
you know, the Merck manual
which labels diseases.
I mean, gosh, it's
getting thicker every year.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: Label after label
after label for diseases.
But what -- you know, what if
the body knew how to heal itself
if you just gave it
the right elements
and then took out
all the toxicity?
That's why I talk about
putting the right stuff in
and taking the garbage out.
So, you know, you need help
the body to detox as well.
But when you can really
reconnect to the earth, again,
the body has this near
infinite intelligence,
and when you really understand
how complex the body is
and all that's happening,
like 100 trillion cells
all synchronizing together
with like 400-plus billion
reactions a second --
>> Regina: I mean,
it's an amazing --
>> Meyers: -- you know, how
can you explain with a --
>> Regina: -- bioelectrical
symphony.
>> Meyers: -- billiard ball type
of chemistry,
some of these medical
models are just ridiculous.
You know, it's like --
>> Regina: It is, and they'll --
>> Meyers: -- two tennis
balls finding each other
in a swimming pool
instantaneously.
It's like all this
random collision theory
at the cell level.
That's ridiculous.
Now, there's some truth --
I mean, the enzymes and hormones
do have a role to play, but,
to me, more fundamental is
the body's holographic energy
and information field.
And when we reconnect
to those elements,
including the earth
PEMF, you know, we can --
you know, we can
reverse a lot of --
these are all preventable
diseases.
>> Regina: Yes.
Yes.
>> Meyers: You know, diabetes --
unless you're born
with Type 1 diabetes --
>> Regina: They're all chronic.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Most people have adult
onset, though, Type 2.
That's the most prevalent.
You know, heart disease
is preventable.
Cancer's preventable.
>> Regina: So these are the
least active, least happy,
most obese, highest
disease of heart --
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: -- and diabetes.
>> Meyers: And the least active
and the least happy
shows you the connection
between depression and
the mind, you know,
when you have negative
outlook, how that relates
to the diseases; and
when you don't exercise
and when you're not getting that
oxygen, how that relates, too.
And obesity --
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: -- how obesity --
>> Regina: So you just
were -- you were just --
you stopped by a
subject a second ago,
which was about having -- being
out and being with the land
on the land and the
frequencies of the land itself.
And I wanted to talk about that.
We -- but there's
another issue going on.
And that is, even though we
need to be out on the land
and with the earth's
frequencies, the magnetic field
of the earth itself
has dropped --
>> Meyers: Yes, it has.
>> Regina: -- hugely.
Now, Gregg Braden 20 years
ago was writing about this
in his book "Zero Point," and
that a lot of people like myself
and others were alerted to this
issue and what that might mean.
And it seems be dropping --
have dropped even
further since then.
We're looking at over a 50
percent drop-off, as you say,
conservatively, over
the last 300 years.
That's major.
Our brains, our bodies,
our immune systems
are reliant upon it.
Let's take a look at the
next image having to do
with these human frequencies.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Let's look at the
-- but -- yeah.
So the earth's magnetic field
is, like you said, has declined
by 50 percent the
last 300 years,
and there's this Dr. Nakagawa
who kind of coined the term
"magnetic deficiency syndrome."
And he found that workers,
like, that were in like concrete
and steel structures that worked
like overtime type of hours,
they would get chronic
pain, depression, you know,
all of these -- you
know, all these problems
with their physical
and mental health.
And what he found was just by
doing simple magnetic therapy,
and eventually, I think he used
pulse magnetic therapy, too,
he was able to reverse those.
Almost like seasonal
affective disorder,
you give somebody bright,
full-spectrum light
half hour a day,
the seasonal affective
disorder goes away.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: Same thing with
magnetic deficiency syndrome.
And, you know, conditions
like fibromyalgia in Japan,
it's like another word
for fibromyalgia is
magnetic deficiency syndrome.
>> Regina: Oh, that's
interesting.
>> Meyers: And I have seen
so many people respond
to PEMF therapy that
had fibromyalgia.
I mean, it's -- we've got --
>> Regina: Fibromyalgia, I
did another interview on that,
is almost like a garbage
bucket diagnosis of things
that just chronically
are inflamed and hurt --
>> Meyers: Yeah, exactly.
That's a good word for it.
>> Regina: -- you know.
And so you were talking chronic
inflammation in the body.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: But it's that --
again, when you don't get enough
of these earth fields, you start
to feel pain all over your body.
That's one of the --
one of the aspects so --
>> Regina: What about
Dr. Valerie Hunt
and the work she did?
>> Meyers: Yeah.
She did some zero field studies.
So there's actually a lot of
evidence to show that we need --
some people would say, well,
so what that the earth's
magnetic field has declined
by 50 percent?
Well --
>> Regina: What's the big deal?
>> Meyers: -- when you --
well, not everybody understands
that we need the
earth's magnetic field,
that it's an essential element.
So, you know, NASA -- even
before Valerie Hunt, you know,
the Russian space program
and NASA figured out that
when you send an
astronaut into space,
you have to have a
Schumann Resonance --
a Schumann generator.
You know, Yuri Gagarin came
back after two hours -- what?
-- one hour and 48 minute flight
in space, and he was, you know,
just from an hour and 48 minutes
outside of the Earth's field,
was disoriented, had
some problems, you know.
So they figured that
out early on.
Valerie Hunt did some really
good studies, kind of --
because some people might
say, well, out in space,
there might be more radiation
that caused their problem.
So Valerie Hunt did a study in
what's called a mu-steel chamber
which totally blocks
out the Earth's field.
It's actually harder than you
think to get in the zero field.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: Even when you're in
concrete and steel, you still --
it's like you can still get
your cell phone reception a
little bit.
I mean, sometimes it gets down.
But the Earth's field's
always kind of there.
But this mu-steel, it blocked --
it really blocks
out all field so --
>> Regina: And her
findings were?
>> Meyers: And her
findings were that --
she used, like, healthy
college students, you know --
that they would experience
increased sensations of pain;
they would experience
disorientation,
almost like they didn't know
what was up and what was down;
in, like, the learning studies,
they couldn't think clearly.
They couldn't, like,
grasp concepts as well;
they basically just
couldn't learn information.
And depression; some of
them would start crying
uncontrollably, you know.
So -- so this relates to
some of the benefits of PEMF.
To me, it's like the main
benefits, like pain relief and,
you know, all these --
oh, and the tense --
like, the body'd become
more tense.
It would be hard to be relaxed.
You'd be, like, all tensed up.
So some of the main benefits
of PMFR, like pain relief
and healing regeneration --
>> Regina: Well, the mind part,
just the mental part alone,
a lot of people are -- this is
showing up in our lives en masse
by having kind of mental fog,
issues with short-term
memory at all ages.
It's not just, you
know, Alzheimer's
and such anymore or dementia.
And the mind must have
a proper magnetic field.
>> Meyers: Oh, absolutely.
>> Regina: And what I want to
do is start talking about some
of the various technologies.
Because I've been exploring all
these for many years as well.
You've gone far deeper
into them than I have.
But I started initially playing
with a little device
called the BioPro,
which actually does have a nice
little subtle sustaining effect
on the body.
And so let's start from --
with that, the tiniest and
most subtle of these effects.
>> Meyer: Yeah, I mean --
so there's all kinds of energy
healing devices out there.
I mean, the ones that I
like the best are the ones
that are most closely aligned
to what the Earth is giving us
as far as frequency, and
something like the BioPro can --
or those EMF protection
type of devices, you know,
the Q-Link and there's others --
>> Regina: Yeah.
GIA, they're all the same.
>> Meyers: -- yeah,
they help the --
you know, they help to sort of
negate some of the electrosmog,
some of the negative
electricity.
And then, you know, they
can, to a subtle degree,
kind of enhance your
biofield and have a kind
of subtle effect there.
>> Regina: And that's
just a tiny little device.
>> Meyers: That's a
tiny little device --
>> Regina: And then there
are other devices that --
there have been --
skeenar devices,
for example, used with healing.
One of my favorites has been,
up to this point I've
always loved the BioMat.
>> Meyers: Yeah, the BioMat from
like -- yeah, that's like a,
you know, an amethyst-type
of -- it's --
you know, it's good
for circulation.
I mean, I honestly like the PMF
technologies a little bit better
because they do a lot
more, but something
like the BioMat is nice for
circulation, and it's --
there's no -- and it's --
>> Regina: Negative ions, far
infrared light, you know --
>> Meyers: Negative ions,
there's far infrared,
and it doesn't give you
any of the electrosmog.
Like, a heating pad, for
example, causes a lot more harm
than good because
you're getting that --
that 60 hertz unhealthy
frequency --
>> Regina: I have you been
sleeping on a BioMat for six
or seven years, and I'll tell
you, if I'm feeling a little
down or my batteries are low,
boom, I'm immediately recharged.
And that's a real key here.
Now, let's talk about batteries.
We have another image
regarding cells and batteries
and the similarity
between the two.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Well, this is --
this is important.
>> Regina: So let's
take a look at this
and explain what we're seeing.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
So basically, you know, the
word "cell" is so appropriate
because a battery cell, you
hear a well cell battery.
You know, people say, "I got
to recharge my batteries."
It's like, well, they've
got to recharge their cells.
Because cells are batteries
and batteries are cells.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: So our little cell --
we've got about 100
trillion cells in our body,
and a healthy cell should
have around 70 millivolts
up to 100 millivolts of voltage.
Now, that doesn't
sound like much.
But when you consider
how small a cell is,
they're incredibly
energetic for their size.
In fact, they'll hold like
10 million volts per meter
across that tiny
little cell membrane.
>> Regina: Just amazing.
>> Meyers: I mean there's no --
I don't know if there's
any capa --
maybe there's some capacitors
now that can do that,
but it's a tremendous
amount of energy.
And that -- and that --
so that cellular charge,
that charge separation
of that voltage, gives --
you know, is a way -- that
actually powers the cell.
You know, the cells have
two main backup battery --
two battery sources.
One is ATP, and the other is
TMP, or transmembrane potential,
and that's what gives rise
to that 70 millivolts.
So it's like a battery;
the cells of storing energy
across the cell membrane.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: And that energy
is used for ion transport.
It's used for all
kinds of things.
It's actually a backup
power source for --
>> Regina: Your whole
neurological system.
>> Meyers: -- your
ATP production, yeah.
So what Dr. Otto Warburg found,
you know, he's well-known.
He's actually a Noble
prize winner.
Well, some people have heard
of him with his connection
with lack of oxygen and cancer.
Well, what he found, too, was
a connection with voltage.
He found that people that
had a healthy voltage,
like around 70 millivolts,
you're not going to get sick
if your cells are fully charged.
You know, it's like
the green light is
on in the battery charger, and
all your cells are charged.
And, you know, PMF therapy,
that's why I call it a
whole-body battery recharger.
You know, some of these
devices that help --
that use the natural
earth frequencies
to energize the cells.
Now, as -- you know, as people
get disconnected from the earth
and its elements, eat bad food
and bad water and get, you know,
unhealthy lighting and lack of
oxygen, the cell voltage starts
to get diminished, and you
start to notice, you know,
you're not quite as
energetic, and then you get
to where maybe chronic
illnesses,
chronic fatigue can set
in or some of these --
you know, you might get sick
or you might become susceptible
to colds and flus and
that kind of stuff.
But if you let it run down too
far, you get in a position --
you get in a cancerous
type of zone
which Dr. Otto Warburg
found was between --
or 15 and 20 millivolts.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: Now, the interesting
thing is, why is it the heart --
we don't ever hear
of heart cancer?
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: It's like -- it does
happen, but it's extremely rare,
and it's usually with the
outside lining of the heart.
>> Regina: Right.
>> Meyers: But the reason you
never hear of heart cancer is
because heart cells are
the most energetic cells.
We were talking about that --
>> Regina: And that's
a really good point.
>> Meyers: The heart
field is that field
that extends 15 feet into space.
The heart field is the most --
is the strongest field of the
human body measured by science.
You know, they can take that
SQUID, magnetic field detector,
and 15 feet away, they're
measuring the heart field.
You know, the head field is
there, but it's not 15 feet.
The muscles have a
field, you know, also.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: So our cells are
little mini batteries, you know,
and again, looking at the body
from an energetic perspective,
you know, it kind
of makes sense.
You know, it's like --
>> Regina: Sure.
It does. Well, no, first of all,
I think people are probably
wondering, is there a way
that they can detect
their own millivoltage?
>> Meyers: That --
I believe what's --
it's a pretty complicated,
sophisticated type of test
to measure that, because, again,
you've got to remember how
small a cell -- I mean, like --
>> Regina: Well, you
can probably measure it
by the condition of your health,
and your happiness, right?
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Like 5000 cells can
fit across an inch,
so that just gives
you a perspective --
>> Regina: So we can't
go measure per se,
but we can measure
it by evidence.
>> Meyers: Yeah, there's --
>> Regina: If we're
feeling alive and vibrant
and generally healthy,
we're probably
up toward the healthy --
>> Meyers: There's some good --
you know, like my friend Syria
does gas
discharge visualization.
He's very good at it, you know.
And it's -- it's a more advanced
form of Kirlian photography,
that you can kind of see
the energy distribution
around the body,
both the symmetry
and if there's any holes
in, like, the field.
And so I like -- to me, that
gives a kind of good model
for the three aspects
of the energy field
to put it in balance.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: First, you want the
field to be bright, you know,
just like -- I mean,
if you've got energy
like a bright flashlight,
the batteries are charged,
the light's bright, right.
So people that their
eyes are like lit up,
you can just tell they're
beaming with energy,
there's like a lightness that
comes out of them, right.
>> Regina: Yes.
>> Meyers: And then you
want the energy to be --
you don't want the energy
all to be on one side.
You know, have your
left/right brain synchronized
and also your -- so the
field should be symmetric.
And then you want it
to be kind of smooth.
There shouldn't be any holes,
because when there's holes
in that field, energy
kind of can leak out.
>> Regina: Yes.
Yes.
>> Meyers: So those
three aspects --
>> Regina: So, again, some
advanced Kirlian devices --
>> Meyers: Yeah, those advanced
Kirlian devices can kind
of see that because
some of these tests
to really measure cell voltage
are just too expensive devices.
>> Regina: Okay.
So let's talk about -- I mean,
I just mentioned a
couple of technologies.
There are lots of them.
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
>> Regina: I mean, if you
go under energy technologies
for healing and just
Google it, there --
>> Meyers: There's a lot.
>> Regina: -- are
a lot of things.
You have tried all of them.
I've tried a good
number of them myself,
and have certain
ones I really like.
I haven't tried the PEMF,
but you ended up settling
into the PEMF, and it's
one of the more exotic ones
in the terms of, you know, it's
a life-long kind of commitment.
It cost what?
$3,000 or so.
But you're talking
about being able
to essentially recharge right
here or recharge your battery.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
I like to use the analogy,
whole body battery charger.
Because when you lay on the mat,
you're like in an
electron cloud.
It's like you're -- and
you're getting saturated
with the earth frequencies.
Again, I like PEMF versus all
the electric field devices and,
again, they all have their place
and they all, you know, do --
you know, do have some
good effects on them,
but to me it makes
the most sense.
It's like, okay, what is it
that the earth is giving us
from the point of view of
the earth's energetics.
And, you know, it's mainly, you
know, the Schumann Resonance
and the geomagnetic field,
the actual magnetic field.
So to me it makes sense to --
because we're not getting enough
of those good fields, you know,
just like some people will
supplement because the soils are
so depleted of minerals --
again, I recommend super
food supplements that are
like whole-food based -- but
still, we need to supplement
because our soils
are so barren --
>> Regina: Absolutely.
>> Meyers: -- of minerals.
>> Regina: And the same
thing with the energy sources
and the magnetic field, yeah.
>> Meyers: And energy sources.
So to me it makes sense.
It's like -- like, you know,
life machines and skanars
and lasers and all these things,
I think, have their place --
>> Regina: A lot of those are
for very targeted use, too.
>> Meyers: They're
targeted, but they're not
like fundamental
elements, you know.
It's like -- it's
like the difference
between colloidal silver
and like a good full-spectrum
whole-food multivitamin.
The whole food multivitamin's
giving you stuff you need.
The colloidal silver is
just kind of targeting,
trying to kill a pathogen,
so you only take it
for a short period of time.
>> Regina: Right.
I'm with you on all that.
>> Meyers: So PEMF, to me, is
like that energetic multivitamin
of sorts, because you're
getting the full-spectrum
of earth frequencies that
the cells -- based on Addy
and Bowan's study, at the cell
level responds to 0 to 30 hertz.
So, again, that's
why you want to --
>> Regina: Yeah, it was when
I was studying up on this
for this particular interview,
I noticed people keep talking
about the effect
that you would expect
from having charged batteries.
Now, that's not to
dismiss the fact that,
a) a lot of this
can be balanced.
If you're going to go out,
go out into the sunshine,
into the woods --
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
>> Regina: -- go out into
nature, lie down on the grass,
eat whole foods, do
things right, breathe.
And you can boost your --
>> Meyers: Yeah, you can.
>> Regina: -- own energy
levels to have this healthy --
>> Meyers: You could do --
there's a lot of things you can
do for free, you know, or --
I mean, good food is going
to cost you some money,
sometimes good water, I
mean, everything's going
to be some little costs
involved, but like, you know,
walking barefoot is
a great technique --
>> Regina: Absolutely.
>> Meyers: -- but, you know,
people in the northern
climates sometimes can't get
out in the middle winter,
so in just eight minutes,
twice a day on these PEMF
therapy mats gives you a very
concentrated dose of
that full spectrum --
>> Regina: And that's
what you do?
About eight minutes a
day, you just lie on it
at once or twice a day --
>> Meyers: Yeah.
>> Regina: Is that kind
of what most people do?
>> Meyers: It's very relaxing.
I mean, I just took it
over just the other day
to my friend Rich's house, and
he had, like, a stiff shoulder,
and, you know, he
laid on the mat,
and he got up, and
it's like, wow.
>> Regina: Yeah.
>> Meyers: He's like,
what happened?
He's like, he didn't know --
almost didn't know what happened
because, again, that stiffness,
the pain, sometimes comes from,
you know, too much electrosmog
and lack of connection
to the earth.
>> Regina: Absolutely.
>> Meyers: So that's why people
that typically are outdoors,
like gardening -- I've always
known this, it's like some
of these long-lived people,
it's like, oh, they're --
oh, you're a gardener.
>> Regina: A gardener.
>> Meyers: Oh, you're
like outside all day.
Like, the hundreds --
>> Regina: Exactly.
>> Meyers: This one lady that's
130 years old was interviewed,
and you know, she's
still picking tea leaves
in her hundreds, you know,
but she spent all this time
out in the mountain fresh air --
>> Regina: In the
sun with the trees.
>> Meyers: -- so again,
connect yourself to earth
and the elements -- good food,
good water, sunlight, fresh air,
and earth's magnetism.
>> Regina: All the things
that our grandparents would've
told us, absolutely true.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
So ultimately simple --
>> Regina: And if not --
the book, what I like about the
book is you really go into --
you go into a little
of all of this --
the background of the
technologies, but also the need
for us to start acknowledging
ourselves
as bioelectric human beings.
We have to do that.
>> Meyers: Yeah.
Primarily energy, yeah, and
so we're primarily energy --
>> Regina: You can't just pop
pills and make this thing work.
>> Meyers: Yeah, exactly.
It's a lifestyle.
>> Regina: Well, I
can't wait to try it.
Someday I want to lie
on one for a eight minutes
and see what the
effect is myself.
I'm always looking for
the best of as well,
and I'm very intrigued
with this one, so --
that's why I invited
you on today --
>> Meyers: Oh, yeah.
Thank you, yeah.
>> Regina: -- to explain
the technology to us
and the background of it.
And I thank you so
much for your time.
>> Meyers: Oh, absolutely.
This has been fun.
>> Regina: Yeah.
This is exciting.
Thank you so much, Bryant.
To research this
subject more deeply,
you can find Bryant's
book, "PEMF --
The Fifth Element of
Health," at Amazon
and other major booksellers.
Meanwhile, you can also connect
with Bryant regarding questions
about the device and the
book at pemfbook.com.
In the end, all there
is is energy.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.
[ Music ]